ah
oh my favorite saga I tell you chased
fireball you know what my favorite if
not my favorite of all time never seen
nobody bring it up I'm not only one that
brings it up as the moment when Goku
stepped off of that the capsule corp
space shuttle and he just he just had a
new power you know them saying he
thought he was training under a hundred
times normal gravity it was more to it
was it was this wild it was inspiring me
it was great when he first landed on
Namek and you know and Vegeta and
curling and Gohan we're on the edge of
death and it was just it was just
amazing you know he comes just at the
right time and you know he takes that
first step off of the the spacecraft and
scans the area he feels power levels
weakening he rushes all the way to the
battlefield this ignores recoome I mean
it was just it was epic you know he went
straight to his son gohan gave him up
gave him a senzu bean you know he went
to to to uh you know he went to curling
put his hand on the skull dome sort of
read him his he's mine he just had new
powers all of a sudden you're not I'm
saying he literally just came off of
that capsule corp trance spaceship and
was Jesus you're not i mean seeing that
Vegeta helped him out it was since you
being Vegeta it flew right through
coombs teeth because he had a some
broken chipped teeth it was amazing
ma'am my favorite my favorite my
favorite then he had to fight the ginyu
force you literally just beat raccoon
but i think he'd beat him with the elbow
to the to the stomach and then he fought
jason varitek and they couldn't even
touch him it was like there was punching
him but it was like the senator punch
was going through him but he was just
moving so fast it was it was wow I've
ever seen no like that everything
my whole life after I seen some
like that everything else in life just
didn't matter anymore I became a DBZ
fanatic like crazy I love dragon ball z
before that but when I seen Goku come to
that type of limits I was like oh my god
till this day I've never seen no
like that you know i love dragon ball z
i can watch it over and over and over i
can watch it from beginning all the way
to the end I can watch dragonball Goldie
Dragon Ball watch dragonball z go
through that and go through GT and still
have a blast hope you like to get on
meez up you like GT yeah like yeah I
think GT is okay come on man GT / get
over it and it's like okay you know I
like it you know I don't if you don't
like it it's not gonna make me mad it
doesn't many who murdered my favorite
song is the namekian soccer man from
beginning to end from when Gohan curling
a boma left to till they came back you
know with the Dragon Balls I got wish
back with the Dragon Balls and you know
Goku decided to keep continuous training
video we have three minutes in and we
didn't get to the point of the video
ladies John I shall do that a clip of
Goku powering up gathering up his cheek
my brother while ruler or nori Ori I
don't know what he's going by back in
the day used to be named while root sue
or something like that and I scone Maru
that was my brother him and Joaquin
those are my brothers on Facebook man
we've been brothers ever since I started
doing these YouTube videos back when I
was doing actually figure reviews love
those guys but he gave me some
information and I said you know what I
gotta do a video on this we didn't have
it in back in battle of z I don't
believe so there was a button why I
would hold down and I would see Goku
power up his cheap or do you would just
power up and then when you release the
button he'll do like a strong kick or
something like that
but by looking by the gameplay i think i
did notice that where I didn't see
nobody powering up their Chi and I know
these little things don't matter oh you
know do little things for those of you
who doesn't matter to you but to me it
does you know that is what dragon ball z
was made about it was about sitting
there and powering up your team and
everybody's just watching you and
getting in and you had your Scouters one
or or if you're able to fill the power
telepathy like the Earthlings were able
to do which was really cool I was so go
out there is a need scouters to really
see your power level it was so cool man
and they were didn't able to feel it
you're not I mean oh my god at power the
blower's appears that you know what I'm
saying and it was cool how the aliens it
was also clearly islands how to use
scouters and they were just go up and
he's got but uh oh my god uh-uh and I
may be like what you see like ginyu was
just tried to flip it out like these
other flipper daughters are throwing
things and crash it in the mountains I
was like oh yeah this is Wow hey Manny
the ladies and gentlemen I you know
Namco Bandai you gotta add the powering
up man I know you want to keep it the
combat going at all times for what I
seem like you know you're throwing cheap
Lance's and Kamehameha zand things of
that such and you probably think a lot
of combat you can dull it your Chi but
what was really cool about dragon ball z
is that you know before the battle
started you'll see somebody go charge up
their cheap and it was kind of cool so
sometimes just use my charge of the
cheap before battle when you try to rush
him for an attack real quick get out of
it before they got the g loaded up to
blast you know the baby to max power but
dragon ball z was built off you know you
used to waste an episode of charging up
remember that on the next episode of
Troy you're both you Goku the charge of
the Moto ilysm maybe like a day but it
was epic though no fighting just the guy
uh you know and gaga it was amazing it
was beautiful i loved it me a good man
that breeze I don't know I don't know
this is just a hypothesis I'm happy to
hear an echo bender please do not take
away the Chi exemption the powering up
it was epic it is epic and it belongs in
the game the only people i don't do they
didn't get Chi power-ups where the were
the androids the androids didn't get
that and it's understandable their
robotic creatures very understandable
mani oh this is just a warning video to
namco bandai come on man put it in the
game I understand action is very
important trying to get Keith gave the
action and keep fighting in the combos
and can I get thought like on at the
same time but power it up it's really
cool is you gotta didn't your narrow
games who the consumption of your Chi
you know your chakra so put it on dragon
ball z is where it came from what's what
naruto inspired from till this day I've
never seen anything more epic than ice
repeated in the beginning available
would go cool and it on a dynamic have a
scenario so you weren't none of them it
was epic epic amazing